# PineScript-168SMA-Indicator
This repository is a pinescript file for tradingview indicator of the 168 day SMA. The indicator provides a red chevron underneath candles when the 168 day SMA is below the current price trend, and a green chevron when above when the current price trend is greater than the 168 day SMA. Also, the most current signal is marked with chevron that says SMA Cross so that the most recent signal is not confused with pervious signals. 

I selected the 168 day SMA as after several 100 back tests for multiple strategies found that it provided more consisent returns for all asset classes when used with a well diverisfied portfolio. 

Disclaimer: This report is intended for informational purposes only. No content published in this report is a recommendation to buy or sell any security or instrument or a suggestion that any trading strategy is suitable for any specific person. Dash Global Analytics is not an investment advisory business. Users of these materials are urged to seek independent verification of any information found in this report and consult with their financial, legal, and tax advisors before making an investment decision. Users of this report agree to hold Dash Global Analytics harmless for any loss they may occur due to an investment or other transaction they may enter into due (partly or entirely) to the information found in this report. Copyright Notice All materials, including, without limitation, text, pictures, graphics and other files and the selection and arrangement thereof are copyrighted materials of Dash Global Analytics. ©2023
